feat(autocomplete): Add autocomplete page (#943)
discordjs/guide: guide/interactions/autocomplete.md

# Autocomplete

> Slash command options provide the feature of autocomplete. In this section, we'll cover how to add autocomplete support to your command and how to respond to it.

Reviewer: This feels run-on and inorganic, `of autocomplete` doesn't seem to be proper English, `command` should probably be plural or replaced with `options.`

> Slash command options provide the feature of autocomplete. In this section we'll cover how to both add autocomplete support to your command and also how to respond to it.

Reviewer 2: - Slash command options provide the feature of autocomplete.
Maybe this sentence could be rephrased? And maybe tell the reader what Autocomplete is and why and where they should use it.

```suggestion
Slash command options provide the feature of autocomplete. In this section, we'll cover how to add autocomplete support to your command and how to respond to it.
```

::: tip
This page is a follow-up to the [interactions (slash commands) pages](/interactions/registering-slash-commands.md). Please carefully read those first so that you can understand the methods used in this section.
:::

> ::: warning
> Make sure that you're on discord.js version 13.3.0 or above before using autocomplete.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This seems irrelevant

> ## Preparing commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This feels off, what is being prepared? This entire paragraph seems redundant as the action of setting the property to true is explained below already.

Author: Should `Preparing commands` be replaced with `Enabling` or `Enabling autocomplete` or should this section just be put in under `Receiving`?

Reviewer 3: merging those would probably be most senseful unless a a more appropriate header name was used

> To use autocomplete with your command options, you have to tell discord to enable it.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To use autocomplete with your command options, you have to tell Discord to enable it.
```

> To use autocomplete with your command options, you have to tell Discord to enable it.
> How to do this is dependent on how you create your slash commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This sounds weird. Should be rephrased into something along the lines of a more mature explanation of what is happening here.

> How to do this is dependent on how you create your slash commands.

Author: Yes but the builder doesn't yet support using autocomplete and thus why I decided on covering both.

> How to do this is dependent on how you create your slash commands.

Reviewer 5: now it does, right?

> How to do this is dependent on how you create your slash commands.

Reviewer 6: Yes

> ### Slashcommand Builder

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### Slash command builder
```

> ### Slash command builder
> 
> The slash command builder does not yet support using autocomplete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
If the section doesn't exist, there's no point in adding it in as a waiting ghost title.

> ### Custom System

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### Custom system
```

> ### Custom system
> 
> For other custom systems or entering it raw, your resulting code should look something like this. To enable autocomplete, set it to true in the option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Calling this a "custom system" feels out of place, what defines custom? This just an object with a property that holds a value, this can just be straightforward used as example.

Author: Should this be removed with the merge of the slash command builder which makes it now support autocomplete?

Reviewer 7: If a stable builders release support it, use builders for consistency, imo

```js {10}
const commandData = {
	name: 'autocomplete',
	description: 'test command to show how autocomplete should be setup',
	defaultPermission: true,
	options: [
		{
			name: 'name',
			description: 'Name of something',

> 			type: 'STRING',

Reviewer 8: For this custom system, the `type: STRING` only works for when the client is logged in and this data is passed to `<Guild>.commands?.create()` (or other methods that take ApplicationCommandData). As all of this guide uses REST to register commands, shouldn't this be changed to the corresponding integer value `type: 3`?

Author: I saw your discussion in discord, and your suggestion has a really good point, and using `type: 3` works with both and should thus be prefered. However, I'd suggest writing it as `type: 3, // String` to clarify.

Reviewer 8: I think that would work. Is it just the string option that is able to use autocomplete, or are there others too?

Author: I think it's Integers as well, not 100% sure tho. And to clarify, my suggestion was just to add a comment at the end of `type: 3` to indicate that 3 means string.

Reviewer 8: Just tested that out. `integer` and `number` types can be used for autocomplete, 4 and 10 respectively. The others are basically autocompleted options.

Author: Please change your `type: 3,` to `type: 3, // String` before I can commit it.

Reviewer 8: > Please change your `type: 3,` to `type: 3, // String` before I can commit it.

👍

			autocomplete: true,
		},
	],
};
```

## Receiving

> To receive a AutocompleteInteraction, you can listen to the `interactionCreate` event and use the `Interaction#isAutocomplete()` method to make sure you only receive autocomplete interactions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To receive an <DocsLink path="class/AutocompleteInteraction" />, you can listen to the `interactionCreate` event and use the <DocsLink path="class/Interaction?scrollTo=isAutocomplete" /> method to make sure you only receive autocomplete interactions:
```

```js {2}
client.on('interactionCreate', interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isAutocomplete()) return;
	console.log(interaction);
});
```

## Responding

> The AutocompleteInteraction class provides the `AutocompleteInteraction#respond()` method for responding to the interaction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The <DocsLink path="class/AutocompleteInteraction" /> class provides the <DocsLink path="class/AutocompleteInteraction?scrollTo=respond" /> method for responding to the interaction.
```

> The `AutocompleteInteraction` class only provides a single method to respond with. This being `AutocompleteInteraction#respond()`

Author: We should probably remove the backticks around `AutocompleteInteraction` as well.

> The <DocsLink path="class/AutocompleteInteraction" /> class provides the <DocsLink path="class/AutocompleteInteraction?scrollTo=respond" /> method for responding to the interaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <DocsLink path="class/AutocompleteInteraction" /> class provides the <DocsLink path="class/AutocompleteInteraction?scrollTo=respond" /> method to send a response.
```
Reads better, less repetition.

> ### Respond with search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sending results
```
same as above

> Using `AutocompleteInteraction#respond()` you submit an array of ApplicationCommandOptionChoice objects. Passing an empty array will show "No options match your search" in Discord.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using <DocsLink path="class/AutocompleteInteraction?scrollTo=respond" /> you submit an array of <DocsLink path="typedef/ApplicationCommandOptionChoice" /> objects. Passing an empty array will show "No options match your search" for the user.
```

Author: Could you add `can` after `<DocsLink path="class/AutocompleteInteraction?scrollTo=respond" /> you` so it ends up as
```md
<DocsLink path="class/AutocompleteInteraction?scrollTo=respond" /> you can submit
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using <DocsLink path="class/AutocompleteInteraction?scrollTo=respond" /> you can submit an array of <DocsLink path="typedef/ApplicationCommandOptionChoice" /> objects. Passing an empty array will show "No options match your search" for the user.
```

> Using `AutocompleteInteraction#respond()` you submit an array of ApplicationCommandOptionChoice objects. Passing an empty array will show "No options match your search" in discord.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Using `AutocompleteInteraction#respond()` you submit an array of ApplicationCommandOptionChoice objects. Passing an empty array will show "No options match your search" in Discord.
```

> Using `AutocompleteInteraction#respond()` you submit an array of ApplicationCommandOptionChoice objects. Passing an empty array will show "No options match your search" in Discord.

Author: According to the ``CONTRIBUTING.md`` we should use "You"/"your" instead of "we"/"our" when explaining things in the guide.

> Using `AutocompleteInteraction#respond()` you submit an array of ApplicationCommandOptionChoice objects. Passing an empty array will show "No options match your search" in Discord.

Reviewer 9: Oh my bad i readed it wrong 😅

> Using `AutocompleteInteraction#respond()` you submit an array of ApplicationCommandOptionChoice objects. Passing an empty array will show "No options match your search" in Discord.

Author: Ah, No problem.
Should I reject your suggestions containing ``we`` and manually add back the other parts?

> Using `AutocompleteInteraction#respond()` you submit an array of ApplicationCommandOptionChoice objects. Passing an empty array will show "No options match your search" in Discord.

Reviewer 9: I'll edit them to have `you/your` instead of `we` :grin:

> Using `AutocompleteInteraction#respond()` you submit an array of ApplicationCommandOptionChoice objects. Passing an empty array will show "No options match your search" in Discord.

Author: Remove backticks around `ApplicationCommandOptionChoice`

> Using `AutocompleteInteraction#respond()` you submit an array of ApplicationCommandOptionChoice objects. Passing an empty array will show "No options match your search" in Discord.

Author: user in ``for the User`` should perhaps be lowercase?

> Using `AutocompleteInteraction#respond()` you submit an array of ApplicationCommandOptionChoice objects. Passing an empty array will show "No options match your search" in Discord.

Author: Was resolved further down.

> Using `AutocompleteInteraction#respond()` you submit an array of ApplicationCommandOptionChoice objects. Passing an empty array will show "No options match your search" in Discord.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `AutocompleteInteraction#respond()` you submit an array of ApplicationCommandOptionChoice objects. Passing an empty array will display "No options match your search" within the Discord client.
```
This needs to be rephrased to feel more organic and professional, `in Discord` again sounds how a child would describe it.

> `CommandInteractionOptionResolver#getFocused()` return the currently focused option's value. This value is used to filter the choices presented.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<DocsLink path="class/CommandInteractionOptionResolver?scrollTo=getFocused" /> returns the currently focused option's value. This value is used to filter the choices presented.
```

> To only display options starting with the focused value you use `.filter()`

Author: It looks better but couldn't this confuse people to use ``Array.filter()`` instead of ``myArray.Filter()``?

> To only display options starting with the focused value you use `.filter()`

Reviewer 9: `Array` is written as a class here, but that would be better as the variable here is `myArray`

> To only display options starting with the focused value you use `.filter()`

Author: Should it then be ``Array.filter()`` or ``Array#filter()``?

> To only display options starting with the focused value you use `.filter()`

Reviewer 9: The latter of course

> To only display options starting with the focused value you use `.filter()`

Author: Do you edit it?

> Using `.map()`, you  turn that array into the array of ApplicationCommandOptionChoice objects.

Author: According to the ``CONTRIBUTING.md`` references to class names should be capitalized, but remain outside of backticks.

> Using `.map()`, you  turn that array into the array of ApplicationCommandOptionChoice objects.

Reviewer 9: The select menu and button pages don't follow this though :thinking:

> Using `.map()`, you  turn that array into the array of ApplicationCommandOptionChoice objects.

Author: I looked thru that page while making this page and there's a lot of points off the ``CONTRIBUTING.md`` that aren't being followed in the buttons and select menu guides. So It's a confusing situation, do we do like the other guides or do we follow the guidelines.

> Using `.map()`, you  turn that array into the array of ApplicationCommandOptionChoice objects.

Reviewer 9: New pages should follow the guidelines as they are in CONTRIBUTING.md, unsure about the rest but here it shouldn't be in backticks as you mentioned

> Using `.map()`, you  turn that array into the array of ApplicationCommandOptionChoice objects.

Author: Same thing here with replacing ``Array.map()`` with ``Array#map()``

> Using `.map()`, you  turn that array into the array of ApplicationCommandOptionChoice objects.

Reviewer 9: Missed that 😅

> Using `Array#map()`, you can transform the array into an array of ApplicationCommandOptionChoice objects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using `Array#map()`, you can transform the array into an array of <DocsLink path="typedef/ApplicationCommandOptionChoice" /> objects.
```

or

```suggestion
Using `Array#map()`, you can transform the array into an array of `ApplicationCommandOptionChoice` objects.
```

``` js {5,7,9-12}
client.on('interactionCreate', interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isAutocomplete()) return;

	if (interaction.commandName === 'autocomplete') {
		const focusedValue = interaction.options.getFocused();

		const choices = ['faq', 'install', 'collection', 'promise', 'debug'];

		const filtered = choices.filter(choice => choice.startsWith(focusedValue));
		interaction.respond(
			filtered.map(choice => ({ name: choice, value: choice })),

> 		).then(console.log).catch(console.error);

Reviewer: This should use async/await syntax.

	}
});
```

### Respond with multiple options

> To distinguish between multiple options you can pass `true` into `CommandInteractionOptionResolver#getFocused()` which now returns the full focused object instead of just the value. This is used to get the name of the focused option.

Reviewer 2: Maybe
```suggestion
To distinguish between multiple options you can pass `true` into <DocsLink path="class/CommandInteractionOptionResolver?scrollTo=getFocused" /> which now returns the full focused object instead of just the value. This is used to get the name of the focused option.
```

```js {5,7,9-11,13-15,17}
client.on('interactionCreate', interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isAutocomplete()) return;

	if (interaction.commandName === 'autocomplete') {
		const focusedOption = interaction.options.getFocused(true);

		let choices;

		if (focusedOption.name === 'name') {
			choices = ['faq', 'install', 'collection', 'promise', 'debug'];
		}

		if (focusedOption.name === 'theme') {
			choices = ['halloween', 'christmas', 'summer'];
		}

		const filtered = choices.filter(choice => choice.startsWith(focusedOption.value));
		interaction.respond(
			filtered.map(choice => ({ name: choice, value: choice })),

> 		).then(console.log).catch(console.error);

Reviewer: Same as above

# Autocomplete

Slash command options provide the feature of autocomplete. In this section, we'll cover how to add autocomplete support to your command and how to respond to it.

::: tip
This page is a follow-up to the [interactions (slash commands) pages](/interactions/registering-slash-commands.md). Please carefully read those first so that you can understand the methods used in this section.
:::

## Preparing commands

To use autocomplete with your command options, you have to tell Discord to enable it.
How to do this is dependent on how you create your slash commands.

### Slash command builder

The slash command builder does not yet support using autocomplete.

### Custom system

For other custom systems or entering it raw, your resulting code should look something like this. To enable autocomplete, set it to true in the option.

> ```js {10}
> const commandData = {
> 	name: 'autocomplete',
> 	description: 'test command to show how autocomplete should be setup',
> 	defaultPermission: true,
> 	options: [
> 		{
> 			name: 'name',
> 			description: 'Name of something',
> 			type: 3, // String
> 			autocomplete: true,
> 		},
> 	],

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
```js {9}
const commandData = new SlashCommandBuilder()
	.setName('autocomplete')
	.setDescription('test command to show how autocomplete should be setup')
	.setDefaultPermission(true)
	.addStringOption(opt =>
		opt
			.setName('name')
			.setDescription('Name of something')
			.setAutocomplete(true));
```

> const commandData = {
> 	name: 'autocomplete',
> 	description: 'test command to show how autocomplete should be setup',
> 	defaultPermission: true,
> 	options: [
> 		{
> 			name: 'name',
> 			description: 'Name of something',
> 			type: 3, // String
> 			autocomplete: true,
> 		},
> 	],
> };

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
const commandData = new SlashCommandBuilder()
	.setName('autocomplete')
	.setDescription('test command to show how autocomplete should be setup')
	.setDefaultPermission(true)
	.addStringOption(opt =>
		opt
			.setName('name')
			.setDescription('Name of something')
			.setAutocomplete(true));
```

> ```js {10}
> const commandData = {
> 	name: 'autocomplete',
> 	description: 'test command to show how autocomplete should be setup',
> 	defaultPermission: true,
> 	options: [
> 		{
> 			name: 'name',
> 			description: 'Name of something',
> 			type: 3, // String
> 			autocomplete: true,
> 		},
> 	],
> };

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
```js {9}
const commandData = new SlashCommandBuilder()
	.setName('autocomplete')
	.setDescription('test command to show how autocomplete should be setup')
	.setDefaultPermission(true)
	.addStringOption(opt =>
		opt
			.setName('name')
			.setDescription('Name of something')
			.setAutocomplete(true));
```

```

## Receiving

To receive an <DocsLink path="class/AutocompleteInteraction" />, you can listen to the `interactionCreate` event and use the <DocsLink path="class/Interaction?scrollTo=isAutocomplete" /> method to make sure you only receive autocomplete interactions:

```js {2}
client.on('interactionCreate', interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isAutocomplete()) return;
	console.log(interaction);
});
```

## Responding

The <DocsLink path="class/AutocompleteInteraction" /> class provides the <DocsLink path="class/AutocompleteInteraction?scrollTo=respond" /> method to send a response.

### Sending results
Using <DocsLink path="class/AutocompleteInteraction?scrollTo=respond" /> you can submit an array of <DocsLink path="typedef/ApplicationCommandOptionChoice" /> objects. Passing an empty array will show "No options match your search" for the user.

<DocsLink path="class/CommandInteractionOptionResolver?scrollTo=getFocused" /> returns the currently focused option's value. This value is used to filter the choices presented.

> To only display options starting with the focused value you can use the `Array#filter()` method

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
To only display options starting with the focused value you can use the `Array#filter()` method.
```

# Autocomplete

Autocomplete allows you to dynamically provide a selection of values to the user, based on their input. In this section we will cover how to add autocomplete support to your commands.

::: tip

> This page is a follow-up to the [interactions (slash commands) pages](/interactions/slash-commands.md). Please carefully read those first so that you can understand the methods used in this section.

Reviewer 11: ```suggestion
This page is a follow-up to the [interactions (slash commands) page](/interactions/slash-commands.md). Please carefully read those first so that you can understand the methods used in this section.
```
The pages have been merged now so it's singular

:::

## Enabling autocomplete

To use autocomplete with your commands, you have to set the respective option when deploying commands:

```js {8}
const commandData = new SlashCommandBuilder()
	.setName('autocomplete')

> 	.setDescription('test command to show how autocomplete should be setup')

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
	.setDescription('Test command to show how autocomplete should be set up')
```

Slight grematical mistake. setup is a noun, "set up" is the verb we're probably looking for
